Feature reference audit: dumps (#989)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/dumps.md

After your dump creation process is done, the dump file is created and added to the dump folder. By default, this folder is `/dumps` at the root of your MeiliSearch binary, [but this can be customized](/reference/features/configuration#options).

Note that **if your dump folder does not already exist when the dump creation process is called, MeiliSearch will create it**.

## Importing a dump

Once you have exported a dump you will be able to use the `.dump` file to [launch MeiliSearch with the `--import-dump` command-line flag](/reference/features/configuration#import-dump).

As the data contained in the dump needs to be indexed, the process will take some time to complete. Only when the dump has been fully imported will the MeiliSearch server start, after which you can begin searching through your data.

```bash
./meilisearch --import-dump /dumps/20200813-042312213.dump
```

If your dataset is very large, it is good practice to index documents in larger batches. This will speed up the indexing process, but requires more memory. [You can configure dump batch size with command-line flags and environment variables](/reference/features/configuration#dump-batch-size).

## Use cases

> Dumps are used to restore your database after updating MeiliSearch or to communicate between MeiliSearch instances without having to worry about their respective versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dumps are used to restore your database after [updating MeiliSearch](/create/how_to/updating.md) or to copy your database to other MeiliSearch instances without having to worry about their respective versions.
```
